Ha
I'm awake, sorry
Sun Shao told me not to give you anything to eat or drink before he came
Just wait here with peace of mind
Be honest and don't move
Be careful of brothers beating you
Thank you Tangtang
Just get up and tear that tape off and I'll talk to him
Go ah ah ah
Kill and kill you scum scum scum scum scum
Let me go let me go
You all know I'm scum, do you think I'll let you go ah ah
Ah ah let you go to your mother country
Then I'll kill you
I'll definitely find you drinking Sun Wutian Tower, you must wait for you
What are you doing
Oops, discount your legs
See how you go to the hardware brother and tell me
Come and hold
Ah
Mom, can I find you with my broken leg?
I may never find you again